# windows

font-size = 13
theme = catppuccin-mocha
shell-integration-features = no-title
cursor-style = block
adjust-cell-height = 35%
# background-opacity = 0.96

mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 2


window-padding-balance = true
window-save-state = always
window-colorspace = "display-p3"
background = 1C2021

# system
quit-after-last-window-closed=true
confirm-close-surface=false


# keybindings
keybind = cmd+b>r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+b>x=close_window
keybind = cmd+b>n=new_window



# split
keybind = cmd+b>i=new_split:right
keybind = cmd+b>-=new_split:down
keybind = cmd+b>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = cmd+b>k=goto_split:top
keybind = cmd+b>h=goto_split:left
keybind = cmd+b>l=goto_split:right

keybind = cmd+b>z=toggle_split_zoom
keybind = cmd+b>e=equalize_splits

# other
copy-on-select = clipboard

#macos
macos-titlebar-style = hidden
window-decoration = false
window-inherit-working-directory = true
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
macos-option-as-alt = left

